Task 1 - Proposal, Design and Test Plan

Proposal

What needs to be included?

Business Context
For the business context section, I need to explain the scenario. I need to focus on the specific needs of the client, the user and write about the mandatory and potential features that they want to see included in the application.

Stakeholders
For the stakeholder’s section, I need to talk about those who are directly or indirectly involved with the development of the application. I need to explain how they are related and what they will be expecting from the application and what they will want to do with it.

Constraints
For the constraints section, I need to talk about potential challenges that could be faced during the project. I need to explain the reason for the potential challenge, what could happen if the risks are not mitigated and what can be done during development to mitigate the risks.

Functional and Non-Functional Requirements
For the functional and non-functional requirements section, I need to explain the requirements and their priority. Functional requirements are the features of the solution, whereas non-functional requirements are the qualities of the solution.

Decomposition of Functional and Non-Functional Requirements
For the decomposition section, I need to go into detail for each functional and non-functional requirement and explain the priorities I have assigned for them. I need to explain how I could achieve them.

Accessibility Features
For the accessibility features section, I need to list and give descriptions on accessibility features. An accessibility feature is something that is designed to help people who are more disadvantaged than others to use technology more easily.

Key Performance Indicators
For the key performance indicator section, I need to list some KPIs for the application and how they can be measured and what they indicate. A key performance indicator is a measure to evaluate the success of something.

User Acceptance Criteria
For the user acceptance criteria section, I need to outline the conditions that must be satisfied for the application to meet the user and client needs. 

Description of the proposed solution
For the description of the proposed solution, I need to talk about what my solution will do, what the key features of the application will be and how I will develop the solution (e.g., what programming language I will use, APIs). Most importantly, I need to talk about how my solution will align with relevant data protection and accessibility laws.

Rationale
For the rationale section, I need to talk about how my proposed solution aligns with client and user needs. I need to also talk about how I intend to mitigate potential risks with security, constraints etc.


Test Plan/Design

Create visual/interface designs.
I need to create visual/interface designs of the application that I will produce. I need to explain the reasons for my designs and how the screens will respond to user inputs, data inputs etc.

Entity Relationship Diagrams.
I need to create an entity relationship diagram to show how the database(s) in the application will work and how they will interact with the app.

Data Dictionary
I need to create a data dictionary to break down the specific pieces of data that will be stored within the database. I need to specify the data type, field size, the key type and give examples of data that can be stored for each field in the dictionary.

Algorithms and Flowcharts
I need to create visual designs of my program that appeal to both a technical and non-technical audience. I need to give descriptions underneath each design and add comments under pieces of pseudocode.

Test Strategy/Plan
I need to create a test strategy which outlines how I am going to test the solution after it is developed. I need to showcase the order in which components are going to be tested and use different types of test data.
